VW Dieselgate Emissions Scandal: Top 5 Hard Questions for Volkswagen Brass
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=nggtLfvUxMw
Published on Sep 21, 2015

3 things you need to know about the Volkswagen scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=xG6abj3ubb8
Published on Sep 22, 2015

VW Dieselgate Announcement: The Lastest News on the VW TDI Evolving Scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=u8Jc4CrJ2iA
Published on Sep 22, 2015

What the VW scandal means for diesel cars - Newsnight
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=PyNpn1Z21eE
Published on Sep 23, 2015

Talking Cars with Consumer Reports #78: Volkswagen's Diesel Scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=9bbN0vYCxUY
Published on Sep 25, 2015

Hitler Reacts To The VW-EPA Scandal Dieselgate
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=dKef1JFpiCA
Published on Sep 18, 2015

Volkswagen's diesel scandal, explained
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=CQ4irwe3ZDk
Published on Sep 24, 2015

Five Things on the Volkswagen Emissions Scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=VJjqiQ_pvRE
Published on Sep 22, 2015

[439] VW scandal spreads to Europe, Asia
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=Ws8utLiX7I4
Published on Sep 22, 2015

VW Diesel Scandal AKA DIESELGATE ~ Episode 97
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=nzl7CTrpgdc
Published on Sep 23, 2015

Hitler Reacts To The VW EPA Scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=c0BRGasUUr4
Published on Sep 20, 2015

Can VW recover from its emissions rigging scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=3Pgdl9gsGeQ
Published on Sep 23, 2015

10 Volkswagen Scandal Facts WMNews Ep. 47
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=E7UaX2HzSGU
Published on Oct 2, 2015

Tesla CEO Elon Musk on VW Scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=zQC_EYEiQ0I
Published on Sep 25, 2015

Volkswagen Cheating Scandal: How It Was Exposed
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=hOTKIZgppbs
Published on Sep 24, 2015

VW Volkswagen #dieselgate emission scandal statement - Autogefühl
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=eddH8AfJVMk
Published on Oct 1, 2015

[441] Could VW scandal be a German demand shock?
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=yPYyNWAjMG4
Published on Sep 24, 2015

Last Week Tonight with John Oliver - Volkswagen Car (HBO)
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=4ZzDK8qAVzk
Published on Sep 28, 2015

BMW Hit by Volkswagen Emission Scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=jHYwWT8wwmk
Published on Sep 25, 2015

Real Time with Bill Maher: Volkswagen Ads (HBO)
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=DGiorsRXevA
Published on Sep 25, 2015

5 October | HEADLINES: Pistoruis parole, Hitachi deal and VW scandal
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=FE-QRfrjo-Q
Published on Oct 5, 2015

How VW scandal will hit car sector I FT Business
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=wGzyt5y2Q5c
Published on Sep 24, 2015

Emissions scandal: VW site launched to check vehicles' software status
https://www.youtube.com//watch?v=_K05vmIkAGE
Published on Oct 2, 2015

